Viviana Márquez: Hi, everyone welcome Thursday.
Viviana Márquez: So I see people joining the call. Let's give them maybe one more minute, 2 more minutes.
Viviana Márquez: and then we'll get started.
Viviana Márquez: So welcome to your networking session. This is not normal office hours. It's networking session today.
Viviana Márquez: really excited to be here.
Raghavan Srinivasan: Good morning, Viviana.
Viviana Márquez: Good morning!
Raghavan Srinivasan: Hi, I have one question.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah.
Raghavan Srinivasan: Last meeting it was saying that it was an incorrect meeting. Id.
Raghavan Srinivasan: It was not allowing me to join, and one more one more meeting was also some other instructor, also had the same problem. So I don't know whether it is some problem with you guys.
Viviana Márquez: So I don't really have visibility into that. But whenever it happens to you, I would say, take a screenshot and on canvas there's a support button and then click on there and send that screenshot so they can help you out. It might be that your zoom might not be up to date, I don't really know, and I wouldn't have a way to know from my end.
Viviana Márquez: But yeah, if that happens again, take a screenshot and
Viviana Márquez: send that over to the team, so at least someone can see what is going on and help you out.
Raghavan Srinivasan: But is that being monitored because I missed that meeting? Right? I have to only see the recording. Is there somebody.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah, yeah, let me.
Raghavan Srinivasan: 2437.
Viviana Márquez: It is you are on your right place. Let me log in
Viviana Márquez: G, for so when you go on canvas, the correct place to ask for that is here on support
Viviana Márquez: here, support if you click on this live support.
Viviana Márquez: Not quite sure this one works. It's this one that says, support
Viviana Márquez: and theory would submit a request, and then oh.
Viviana Márquez: I wouldn't be able to help you if it's something related.
Viviana Márquez: and that will reach to me that when I say it will. Maybe, of course, I
Viviana Márquez: so a technical person
Viviana Márquez: will be able to help you, because I'm here to help you guys with the content. I don't really have visibility into the content, into the technical stuff. So, but yeah, I would suggest taking that screenshot and sending that message through here.
Viviana Márquez: I'm sorry that you've been having issues with that.
Raghavan Srinivasan: Thank you, Vivian.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah, of course.
Viviana Márquez: Alright. So hopefully, you guys enjoyed the music. So let's get started.
Viviana Márquez: So this is not an usual office hours. Today is all about networking. So you have double-double because you also have an office hour later today with Jessica, yeah. So let's talk about networking. So in this section today. This is the agenda. So the 1st thing that we're gonna do is to introduce
Viviana Márquez: each other. Usually when we have a really big group, what I do is have everyone write in the chat who they are, because we don't have time to go through everyone. But since we're a smaller group today we have the time to present ourselves and say who we are.
Viviana Márquez: So start thinking about what you want to say, while I'll tell you about the agenda, and then we do that. So I'll talk about why networking is important. I think networking is important for any profession. Of course I'll focus more in your career, which is machine learning engineers, data, scientists, etcetera. But in general, networking is important.
Viviana Márquez: I'll also talk about something that is not exactly not working, but is very important for you to be able to establish those connections both online and in person. So I'll talk about professional branding, and I'll give you a few tips here and there for your resume, your Linkedin, your Github, your website, your portfolio.
Viviana Márquez: And then I'll talk about where to network that can happen online. You don't have to go somewhere, but I can also mention some places where you could go to do this networking.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. So let's start with the intros.
Viviana Márquez: so it's a networking section. So let's just introduce ourselves. So let's go around the room and introduce ourselves. You guys already know me. So I mean in case you're joining this session for the 1st time, although I don't think so. All your names seem familiar. But I'm Viviana, Marcus. I'm 1 of your learning facilitators for this program. I'm a data scientist with 6 years of experience, I've been working with different industries, especially in the cybersecurity industry
Viviana Márquez: to the marketing industry, and I'm very passionate about Nlp. And Llms. So happy to be here, I did my 1st intro, so I want to see if someone wants to volunteer and introduce themselves.
Frank Lu: Yeah, I can do that. First.st I I'm Frank Liu. I'm
Frank Lu: it. Manager for Federal Government, and I'm based in Washington, DC,
Frank Lu: I'm trying to catch up with this AI
Frank Lu: storm, and it's seem very everybody is trying to learn some. AI. So I'm trying to get up to speed on that. Thank you.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you, Frank, and also location. So thank you for telling us your location, especially if maybe people are in the same location. You can get together.
Frank Lu: Yeah, sure.
Viviana Márquez: Stuff like that. So thank you. Do we have another volunteer.
shashi: Yeah. Hi, this is Shashi.
shashi: I'm a product manager in an agritech company. The company is based in India. So I've been working in agritech for almost 12 years now.
shashi: We build products for agri ecosystem. Where, the agri seed companies and research institutes use our product for managing the research activity, life cycles.
shashi: I've been. I worked previously on healthcare and construction and other projects previous to that.
shashi: Now I am learning the aiml, and this one hands on
shashi: primarily to build products for disease, detection yield prediction, and
shashi: use newer techniques for improving the crop yield across
shashi: the Agri ecosystem. So I'm trying to build some products into our company portfolio.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you, Sashi, and thank you for turning on the camera. It's nice to put a face to the name. So thanks for that
Viviana Márquez: awesome. Do we have another volunteer.
Vinit Budhiraja: I can go next.
Viviana Márquez: Go for it.
Vinit Budhiraja: Hello, folks my name is Vine Goodiraja. I am in Sacramento, California. I'm working for Sacramento Regional Transit district I'm working in this company for a long time about 27 years.
Vinit Budhiraja: I have a total of 32 years of experience, mainly in software development enterprise systems like sap.
Vinit Budhiraja: And
Vinit Budhiraja: I want to learn here, AI and Ml. And see what are the opportunities and learn quite a bit. I mean, it changed my thought process about when we store data, how do we store data so that it's useful for a new generation of machine learning algorithms? So that's like my big, biggest takeaway from this course.
Viviana Márquez: Awesome. Thank you. Vineet.
Vinit Budhiraja: Thanks.
Viviana Márquez: And thank you for the cameras. I see Frank there joined with the camera as well. So thank you.
shashi: Also, I am based in California. So I'm I. I reside in California, close to San Francisco Place, called Tracy.
Viviana Márquez: I also didn't forget where I am. I'm a little bit of a nomad. I'm between Miami and Brussels, but I'm planning to move back to California to San Francisco this year. I used to live in San Francisco. Then I moved out, and now I'm coming back, so I'll probably see some of you there. Once I move there.
shashi: Yeah.
shashi: Okay, we'd love to meet you guys.
Viviana Márquez: I think there was one person that joined after I had said the beginning. So basically, we're introducing each other. That's what's happening right now, in case you you were a little bit lost. Yeah. So who wants to go next?
Raghavan Srinivasan: I am, I will. I'll take the mental. So
Raghavan Srinivasan: this is Raghavan Srinivasan. I am from Dublin, California Bay area, basically, and very close to San Francisco. I'll see you soon, Viviana.
Raghavan Srinivasan: So I I'm working for Kaiser permanente. It's you know.
Raghavan Srinivasan: It's 1 of the largest healthcare providers in the country. U.S.A.
Raghavan Srinivasan: And I manage the clinical lab for the entire Northern California.
Raghavan Srinivasan: So this it's a centralized robotic lab, and it's 7th largest clinical lab in the world.
Raghavan Srinivasan: I manage the technology for it. And I work as a senior director of engineering and technology. There.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you so much.
Raghavan Srinivasan: That's why I I you know we are also the. You know, the healthcare is one of the most prominent areas where the AI is being used right now heavily.
Raghavan Srinivasan: And you know, a lot of people are a lot of things. A lot of healthcare related stuffs are going into the
Raghavan Srinivasan: AI way right now. So
Raghavan Srinivasan: it's not just approving the projects. I want to understand what is going on and how to how it influences the organization or the the customer. We call it as members members behavior
Raghavan Srinivasan: and whether it is really making sense to invest in this
Raghavan Srinivasan: project, you know. Yeah, it's a catch word right? Right now. Anybody says, Yeah, everybody wants to jump in.
Raghavan Srinivasan: But now we are becoming more prudent on saying that. Yes, Ea is fine. But
Raghavan Srinivasan: is it really going to help us, and that for that
Raghavan Srinivasan: I need to really understand what is the what is going on in the AI world, in and out. That's 1 of my main reason for joining this
Raghavan Srinivasan: course. Thank you.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you so much for sharing that actually, what you said just now, I think, is so important, which is understanding what is happening behind AI, especially if you're in a position where you have to make decisions. And since most of you are in senior positions, leadership positions, I wanted to recommend this book.
Viviana Márquez: which is called Weapons of math destruction. So instead of mass destruction is math destruction. And it basically talks about how AI, if the people coding. These algorithms are not aware of potential biases, potential issues with the data, how these algorithms can perporate either like biases or errors, etcetera.
Viviana Márquez: So I think it's a really good read, not really to the point of today's networking, but a book recommendation. Because I thought what you said is super important. That is to be up to date and understand what's what's going on.
Viviana Márquez: Cool. And I think we have one more person and phone which.
NPhone: Hello! Hi! This is Namrata. Hi! Viviana! Hi! Hello! Everyone nice to see you all. Yeah. I joined late, but I could understand that everybody's introducing themselves. So yeah, so for for me, I am also like residing in Bay Area. I work for a telecom company 8 by 8 inc, it's like kind of a cloud communication company. We have different communication products and all that.
NPhone: So when I started here, I I started with the Bi team like the data warehouse. And Bi, and later I moved into the billing engineering side. So yes, I I mean, mostly I work for that. But then
NPhone: it is I I work with lot of data and all. So I I had been doing some
NPhone: same kind of work from last couple of years. So I thought I wanted to learn something interesting. And I just, I joined this course. And I'm really loving it actually. So I will see like if I can help my company with the knowledge I gained from this course. So that's what my expectation is.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you, Numantra, and thank you. Everyone for participating. Yeah, so really, good job, everyone introducing yourselves. So I feel like this is going to be an easier networking session. For me it seems like all of you have a lot of experience with networking, but potentially, the where I can add value is with the professional branding.
Viviana Márquez: So a lot of people feel different ways about networking, why is networking important? So, according to Forbes, many experts suggest that 80% of the jobs out there are filled through a professional network connection. And sometimes people think that that means that you have to know this person really? Well, or you're
Viviana Márquez: I don't know. Your dad is the owner of the company, and they gave you a job, and that's not necessarily the case a lot of times. The connection is just like
Viviana Márquez: a friend of a friend knew someone that they connected you. And then you chatted with this person for over coffee for 30 min or 20 min, and that's how the connection happens. So don't think that it has to be like a robust connection, such as your dad works at what our company is more like.
Viviana Márquez: How are you using the people that you already know to get to the people that you need. And this networking section is focused towards people that want to find a new job, find a job in data science. But you can apply these tips in anywhere pretty much. If you want to find more clients. If you want to sell your product, whatever it is, you can apply these tips.
Viviana Márquez: So networking is not meant to feel forced. If it's feeling forced, you're not doing networking right, it should be organic. Another myth is that it always happens in formal settings.
Viviana Márquez: and that's not necessarily the case, especially in a place like San Francisco or the Bay Area, where you can just be grabbing lunch, and you hear the people in the table next to you talking about a business that might be of your interest, or they're talking about some AI model that you're interested in, and you want to jump in or you're riding the bus, or you're just walking. And you hear people talking about this. So
Viviana Márquez: it's a place where you can spark that conversation anywhere, not just in a formal setting.
Viviana Márquez: It's not a 1 sided conversation, and also another myth that maybe some of you won't have this problem because most of you are in senior positions. But it's 1 thing that people like, maybe someone that just left undergrad, or they're just finishing a certificate program they might feel scared is that they're gonna get questioned. I remember feeling this way myself when I was just
Viviana Márquez: 1st fresh out of school, and I was a little bit intimidating by going to networking places. And we're like, Oh, what if they ask me a data science topic, and I don't know about it.
Viviana Márquez: That's not the case. People would ask you, Hey, what are you doing? What are you studying? Where are you working? Nobody's going to be like quick. Tell me the precision formula that's not going to happen. So no need to worry about that. Not working is a mutual conversation initiated through genuine interest. So you should feel natural, organic, not forced, like I said.
Viviana Márquez: it can happen anywhere, especially in a place like San Francisco or the Bay Area, where people are constantly talking about ideas and open to meet other connections, to to make things happen. Something else is that it's a connection built over time. I feel like this is one of the big issues with not working is that people
Viviana Márquez: meet someone. They maybe they're in a meetup and they meet someone. They add each other on Linkedin, and then that's it. They never talk again. So that's not a connection that is being built.
Viviana Márquez: You can, if it's I call that a frozen connection. If it's frozen you can take it out of the fridge and maybe send a message or something, but ideally, you will keep connecting with this person over time. How do you connect with this person over time, for example, if you see that their company was in the news reach out to them like, Oh, hey! I heard that your company is hiring new people.
Viviana Márquez: Do you know what positions can you tell me more about it, or hey? I saw that your company was in the news recently, because they just released this cool AI model. Do you want to meet with me for coffee and talk more about it, or just just don't let it get frozen. That relationship.
Viviana Márquez: And your goal with networking is that people know about you. So if a new opportunity comes up, you're the 1st person that they think about.
Viviana Márquez: so I'll give you a few tips for that. So the 1st thing is to know yourself and know what you want. So you can express that clearly. So you should ask yourself, what position do you want? Do you want to be a data scientist. Do you want? So data? Scientist is basically applying machine learning models to data. Do you want to be a machine learning engineer? So not only applying models to data, but you want
Viviana Márquez: to, put it into production, do something with them, create an application with them. Do you want to just be a data analyst. So maybe more on the statistics side, and looking at the history of data and given insights.
Viviana Márquez: or some other kind of role plus AI. So maybe you want to be in the healthcare industry. And you want to be the healthcare industry guy that knows about AI. So what is it that you want?
Viviana Márquez: Also any specific industry? Maybe some of you don't care. They're happy in whatever industry you land on. But some people might have a specific interest, so you should brand yourself as that person. So, for example, in my case, I usually do it with marketing and cybersecurity. I have a minor in marketing, so it makes sense that I will be in marketing and cybersecurity is just something that I like and that I worked with in past years I've worked in different companies that are cybersecurity focused.
Viviana Márquez: So you, when you're talking to someone, you can know that you like that industry and say, Hey, I'm a data scientist. I focus on cybersecurity. I'd like to be in the cybersecurity industry. My next role to be in a company that focuses in cyber security, whatever it is. So I'm saying, cybersecurity. But it could be sports. It could be healthcare, it could be agriculture, it could be anything.
Viviana Márquez: And what specific skills do you want to work on? So
Viviana Márquez: if you're getting a job? And you really really want to be working on Gen. AI know that that's what you want, and that you don't want to take a role that doesn't do any Gen. AI, or maybe you really like SQL, and you want to be in a role that has SQL,
Viviana Márquez: or you have some other skill like web scraping. That is not really data science related. But you have that skill, and you want to do that. So so it's, it's important to ask these 3 questions to yourself, what position do you want?
Viviana Márquez: Any specific industry and specific skills that you want to work on that way when you're talking to people. Since you know yourself, you're going to reflect that. And you're going to attract those opportunities that you want. And as I mentioned, this session is focused towards like people wanting to get a job in AI, a new job in AI. But I know that not might be the case for some of you, since.
Viviana Márquez: like you're in a leadership position, and you're just learning AI. But you can ask, what are the questions that I need to be asking like, what people do I want to hire? Are people for any specific industry that I want to hire. What skills do I want these people to be bringing in? Because then when you go to a networking event, then you're
Viviana Márquez: communicating that. So you're saying, Okay, I I'd like someone that works in. Gen. AI has experience in the marketing field, etc. So so, depending on what your goals are right now, you can twist these questions
Viviana Márquez: a little bit.
Viviana Márquez: so one thing that is very important for networking is your personal, your professional branding even someone like Bill Gates that you would think, okay, Bill Gates had $1 left.
Viviana Márquez: He will probably invest it in computers right? Because he's the main computer guy of all times right. But actually, in an interview, he said, if I was down to my last dollar I would spend it on Pr, so Pr is public relations. So basically his image. So that's how important it is. So someone that works in technology recognizes the importance of having good professional branding
Viviana Márquez: super important in today's competitive world, especially that most of you are in places like DC. Seattle, San Francisco, where you have tons of talented professionals. So you need to stand out to get and accomplish your goals. And how do you do that?
Viviana Márquez: The ways you can do this is with professional branding. It applies to businesses and individuals alike. That's why you see, businesses spending so much money on marketing and advertising to be to be known and like, for example, Coca-cola. Everyone knows Coca-cola, but because they have invested a lot of money in advertising, and it shows like they have good profit.
Viviana Márquez: So same thing for professionals. You need a cohesive identity for your professional career.
Viviana Márquez: So it involves presenting yourself in a way that highlights your skills, your experiences, your values.
Viviana Márquez: and your personality to attract career opportunities. And this is going to be different for everyone in here, for everyone in this room. So, for example, some people would want a job that is more traditional. Some people will want a job that is more creative. Some people will want a job that is mission driven. So you have to brand yourself
Viviana Márquez: in that way. So we attract the correct opportunities.
Viviana Márquez: Why would you do professional branding make you top of mind when certain projects or positions come up. This is the sweet spot. When people you're not looking for a job. People are looking for you to fill a job they're like, oh, hey! This job just became available. Would you be interested in interviewing? That's where you want to be in. And how do you achieve that through professional branding.
Viviana Márquez: It also helps you give confidence. So if you have good professional branding, probably you've spent several hours working on your resume on your portfolio, on your Linkedin. So by the time you're doing interviews, you feel super comfortable on who you are and your messaging.
Viviana Márquez: So it also has that bonus that it gives you confidence, and another advantage that might not be well known is that professionals with strong brands can often demand higher salaries.
Viviana Márquez: and that's because they're perceived as more valuable, even if that's not necessarily the case. Of course you want to be someone that knows how to do the job. Well, you don't want to just be a Scammer. But if you know how to do your job well, and you have good branding, you can ask for more money, because you're perceived as more valuable, whether that's good or bad. That's a story for another day. But that's how the world operates. So you should have that good branding.
Viviana Márquez: So what are some of the tips that I have for you today for your professional branding? So elevator pitch? Basically what we did at the beginning of the call where everyone introduced themselves. So that's an elevator pitch. I brought a template in case you want to work with that template, especially for those of you that might be more junior in your careers.
Viviana Márquez: I don't think we're going to have time to talk about how to talk about data science project. But my biggest advice with this is that if you're interviewing with companies.
Viviana Márquez: they're always going to ask you, hey? Tell us about a data science project that you did, and that you can explain it very well. So it could be your capstone project. If you don't have any data science experience, it could be a project that you're working on. So try practicing that. How? How would you present it? And then I have a few tips for your resume, a few tips for your Linkedin, for your website, for your Github and other social media.
Viviana Márquez: So the elevator pitch is a brief, persuasive speech that you use to spark interest in what you do and who you are.
Viviana Márquez: Why is it called an elevator pitch? Because it's how long you have in an elevator to make an impression. So, for example, let's say you're staying. You went to a conference, and you're staying in this hotel, and in these hotels just so happens. I don't know. Let's say, Jeff Bezos to be there, and you want to get a job at Amazon.
Viviana Márquez: and he just goes into the same elevator as you you have that right elevator right to make an impression. So you should always have an elevator pitch. Of course you can use it outside of an elevator, but just have that ready to go.
Viviana Márquez: It typically lasts between 30 seconds to 2 min. That's why people call it an elevator pitch.
Viviana Márquez: So basically, this is a template that you can use if if you wanted to use a specific template.
Viviana Márquez: basically, you say, of course, your name. You're a data scientist, or however, you want to brand yourself if you want to brand yourself as a machine learning engineer
Viviana Márquez: with X amounts of experience and your expertise, because, even though we are all doing data science in this room. Some people maybe want to focus on leadership positions. So maybe you can say, Oh, I'm team manager with X years of experience. And I have AI knowledge.
Viviana Márquez: or whatever. Or maybe some people
Viviana Márquez: want to work on the healthcare industry. Or maybe some people are more like skilled based. So they're like, I want, I am, I have expertise in computer vision. And I want to do everything related to computer vision. So whatever it is. In this 1st sentence, then in the second sentence, you go deeper into these exact tools or specific skills that you work, and then that you work with, and then you say some of your success
Viviana Márquez: that you've had. So if you have work experience, this comes a little bit easier. So you can say I've successfully led projects for this and this, but if you don't have work experience, you could say something like, and I'm working in this really cool project to determine the best
Viviana Márquez: bike routes in San Francisco. I don't know. You downloaded a data set about bike paths in San Francisco, and you're working on that. So you can say something that you're working on. And if you have any outcomes definitely mention them. So, for example, if you're leading a team, you could say, I've successfully led AI projects for a team of 10 people that brought. I don't know 1 million dollar revenue.
Viviana Márquez: So if you can put numbers to it. That's really good. And then, if you're looking for a job, then that's the last thing you would add to that elevator pitch. So for my next role. I'm looking for a whatever position in whatever field and what you're interested in.
Viviana Márquez: So, for example, I'm not looking for a job. But if I were looking for a job. This is what I would say. I would say, Hi, my name is Viviana Marquez. I have 6 years of experience as a data scientist, and my passion is to convert data into clear insights and actionable business ideas.
Viviana Márquez: And then I go into my details. So I have a strong foundation in machine learning and deep learning. I'm particularly passionate about Nlp and Llms.
Viviana Márquez: I have expertise in pytorch aws, cloud infrastructure and web scraping. I've successfully led projects across diverse industry sectors, including cybersecurity and marketing, and some of the projects that I've managed have improved cyber, threat, detection, better customer satisfaction through Nlp and I have streamlined operations with automated data processing solutions. So
Viviana Márquez: here I'm talking about my skills. And then the results I've obtained with my skills. And then, if I were looking for a job, I would say something like for my next role. I'm looking for a data scientist position in the let's say marketing field. And if you're looking for a specific city, you could even say that there. So you could say, I'm looking for a data science position in the marketing field.
Viviana Márquez: hopefully remote or hopefully in Chicago, hopefully in San Francisco. And you could say I'm particularly drawn to opportunities that would allow me to do automated data collection because I love web scraping. So I would say that would allow me automated data collection
Viviana Márquez: and I would like to work in a fun and creative type of team. So maybe, as you guys have noticed, I like music. I like colors. I like things. So I'm always saying that because I want to attract the correct opportunity for me. You can change it here for whatever you want. So maybe your mission driven so for, and I'd like to work for an Ngo or you're profit driven. I'd like to work for a team that is, finding the best ways to optimize or profit whatever it is
Viviana Márquez: and for a data driven and customer focused type of organization. So this is a template. Of course you can take it home and customize. It don't feel like just because you're here, and maybe in the back of your head, you're thinking like, Oh, yeah, hello. My name is Jimmy, and you're doing it in your head. Take the time to actually take this template, open up a Google Doc, a Google slides whatever it is and write it for your information, because once you have it.
Viviana Márquez: you can just copy and paste it everywhere wherever they like. Oh, send me a quick bio. You just copy and paste it, but also you have done the exercise of writing it. So next time they ask you, it comes more natural to you.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. So that was about the elevator pitch.
Viviana Márquez: I don't know if people have comments, questions, things they want to say
Viviana Márquez: all right, cool. Feel free to put comments in the chat. If you have questions or you have a comment. Maybe you have advice for people in the room feel free to keep the conversation open. I'm trying to go fast, so I can cover all the tips I have for you guys today. But don't feel like it's a 1 way conversation.
Viviana Márquez: Okay. So the next step is resume. Every professional needs a resume. Even if you're against the professional branding, you need a resume to be able to apply to positions. So resumes, make a strong impression of first, st you have to make a
Viviana Márquez: strong 1st impression to get that job interview, because your goal when you're applying to jobs is to get that job interview. Then we worry about how to do well on the job interview. But the 1st step is to get that call to get a job interview. So in there you should highlight your relevant experience and skills
Viviana Márquez: kind of obvious but include your contact information. Sometimes people forget to include an email or include a phone number, so include your contact information.
Viviana Márquez: it is recommended to write bullet points using action verbs.
Viviana Márquez: so for example, instead of saying, my team and I, we create. We are working on creating a AI model, you said, built a classification model. So have that built. That's an action verb
Viviana Márquez: and quantify your results as much as you can. And this is also an advice, for when you're working, try to quantify your results. I made this mistake. For example, in my 1st one of my 1st jobs, I used to work at a marketing agency, and I would do data science projects for or different clients.
Viviana Márquez: so either to create better marketing strategies or understanding the clients of our clients so they could reach out better to them, etcetera. And I would do all these cool models, all these cool projects. And then I would. I was in the data science team. So then I would pass it on to the marketing team, and then the marketing team would talk to the client, and then the marketing team would come back to me and be like, oh, that was such a good project. We had so much success. And I was like, Oh, yeah, that's fantastic. But then.
Viviana Márquez: many years later, I realized I never asked.
Viviana Márquez: how much revenue did that drive? How much any more clients did our clients get? I didn't get any of those numbers, because I was like working on the models, and they were working, and I was just getting high fives, which is great. But I wish I would have
Viviana Márquez: been more on top of getting those numbers and quantifying my results, because I'm sure I drove a lot of revenue for that company. I don't have the numbers like where it would be super cool. I created this model and drove. I don't know $500,000, revenue, or whatever it is, so if you can quantify results. Go for it, and and and try to have those numbers in there.
Viviana Márquez: Resumes can be tailored for each position you apply to. So, for example, and this is going to vary from people to people. In my case, as I was telling you guys, I have worked
Viviana Márquez: either in marketing related places or cybersecurity related places. So now I have my own company. But before I had my own company, typically, I would have 2 resumes, and one was more like for marketing positions, and the other one was more for cybersecurity positions. So I had these 2 resumes, and depending on the position that I was applying to, I would send one or the other.
Viviana Márquez: If it's also your dream company, spend a little bit more of time and customize your resume for that dream company. Yeah, so so they can be tailored.
Viviana Márquez: also something to keep in mind in case someone in here is looking to apply for a job outside of the United States resumes, look different in different countries. So, for example, in some countries in Europe and Latin America, you're expected to put your picture where that's a big no, in the Us. In the Us. You should never put a picture on your resume in the Us. Typically, resumes, are one page. Maybe you have a lot of experience. You use 2 pages, and that's it.
Viviana Márquez: Where in other countries you're expected to create resumes that are pages and pages and pages long, and if you only submit one page, it's like, Oh, so you don't have anything else to show. So yeah, the things that I'm going to say here because we are in a Uc. Berkeley course are related to the Us. And also because my work experience has been solely on the United States. So
Viviana Márquez: that's what I can talk about. But just just keep that in mind that if you're applying for position outside of the United States, just do a quick Google search like, what do resumes look like in France, or wherever you're applying to?
Viviana Márquez: So here's oops. Sorry I clicked on something. Here is a resume example, this is not my current resume. So don't. Yeah, just it says that I'm still working here where I'm not working here anymore. Because now I have my own business. But this is what my data scientist resume used to look like when I was applying for data science positions.
Viviana Márquez: There's a discussion. And whether you should have a resume that looks like this. Let me
Viviana Márquez: see, it's usually 1st one that looks like
Viviana Márquez: like this, that is just like black and white resume versus a resume that is a little bit more colorful like mine.
Viviana Márquez: When I was going through the process myself, and I was talking to career coaches some of my professors, everyone was telling me. No, you should absolutely not have any colors in your resume. You should just make it, in a word document. So it's readable and easy to parse for systems, and they can pick up the words. And it's like that. So
Viviana Márquez: the big advice I got was, hey? You should do it like this.
Viviana Márquez: I'm a little bit more
Viviana Márquez: creative. So I always felt really bad about having a resume that was just black and white and very monotonous. So I was like, I don't care. I'm just going to do it this way, and I've had a lot of success with this resume. And, in fact, in a lot of places where I've gotten a job after I got the job, they tell me, hey? One of the reasons why we hired you is because your resume stood out. It was really nice. It had pleasant colors, etc. So
Viviana Márquez: take take whatever advice, make the most sense to you, your data scientists, you can run a test and just send one kind of resume one place and another kind of resume another place. Whatever you want to do. I just wanted to give you the 2 perspectives. Usually the advice is to have this word Microsoft word resume that is black and white, and it's super easy for machines to read.
Viviana Márquez: I've had it for a while. I never really got a job out of those resumes where, with this kind of resume. I've had a lot of success. But yeah, just just
Viviana Márquez: do whatever feels right to you things that are important contact information. So you should put the location. Some people put their addresses. I wouldn't put my address because I'm scared of stalkers, but definitely put your Zip code where you are. So people know where you are. Your Linkedin super important, your Github as a data scientist, super important and way to contact you. So your phone number, your email or both.
Viviana Márquez: And if you have a website, a website, if you have a blog or something that is interesting, just put it in there
Viviana Márquez: and then here you have your relevant experience. So if, for example, you're someone that you just finished undergrad and you don't have a lot of experience put projects. So data, science projects and whatever projects you've worked on. So whatever is the most important, put it at the top. Notice that education is all the way at the bottom. Here a lot of people put education first.st But unless you're in a research position.
Viviana Márquez: education doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter if you have an undergrad, a Phd, a certificate program, a boot camp. Whatever you have. What is more important is the experience. So you can show experience with actual work like jobs that you've had or experience through projects. So you should have that in there.
Viviana Márquez: And this is what I was saying about the verbs. So all the bullet points should start with an action verb so fine tuned, led, utilized. This one is not doing it. So I should fix this one built, developed, created.
Viviana Márquez: scanned, implemented, leveraged, automated, applied. And if you're struggling with that, you can just ask Chatgpt. Hey? This was my work experience. How can I make it an active verb for a bullet point on my resume.
Viviana Márquez: So have that information in there. Let me share this link in the chat in case you guys want it for reference. This resume. It's not my current resume, because now I'm branding myself a little bit different. Now that I have a business. But this is like a data science resume
Viviana Márquez: your skills, your education, and any other thing that you think might be relevant. In my case, I think languages are relevant. I've gotten a few jobs because I speak several languages, but I don't know it could be maybe you have some certification on communication business communication certification, or something that not necessarily related to data science, but can make give you like an a plus.
Viviana Márquez: So that's the resume. If you want templates over leaf
Viviana Márquez: has a lot of great templates. Let me just look over leaf templates.
Viviana Márquez: That's that's just if you want like different templates. So here.
Viviana Márquez: so as you can see there's many templates here.
Viviana Márquez: The one that I use, in fact, is this one. This is the template that I use. So in case somebody really liked my template. I'm putting it in here.
Viviana Márquez: So that's resumes.
Viviana Márquez: Now let's talk about Linkedin.
Viviana Márquez: So, Linkedin, when you apply for a job, typically, they ask you for your github Link, if it's like a job coding job and your Linkedin. So what should be your Linkedin? So let me open my linkedin so I can
Viviana Márquez: tell you about it while we're talking about it.
Viviana Márquez: So picture should be professional, and by professional I don't mean professionally taken. Mine was professionally taken. But let me show you one that was not professionally taken, but is professional.
Viviana Márquez: This picture is not professionally taken like it's not a photographer like it was someone with a phone. But by professional, I mean, the background is clear.
Viviana Márquez: You're wearing some business clothes. It doesn't have to be a tie, but some like normal clothes. It's just you. So you're not you and a friend. And it's nicely centered, not too much in your face, but also not too far away, where you can't really see the person. So something like this is like a good picture. This person also has a good picture. Let's see.
Viviana Márquez: for example, this person also has a good picture.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. So, for example, this is another
Viviana Márquez: good picture, maybe a little bit too much in his face. But yeah. So you get the idea. So people can recognize you. And you can just ask a friend, be like, Hey, there's a white wall. I'm wearing a nice shirt. Take a picture of me, and you just your friend takes a picture of you.
Viviana Márquez: Some people
Viviana Márquez: use this cleverly, this this space. Let me see if I have someone, because I'm not using this space very well.
Viviana Márquez: But let's see, I think this person. Yeah. So for example, this person is using this space that is a blank space that you could use for. So he put all his certifications in there, which I think is super cool. So you could use that space in there if you wanted to. But, more importantly, is this header. So this header right here is what recruiters see?
Viviana Márquez: So make sure that you're reflecting the kind of position that you want. So for example, if you want a data science position, you should say here, data, scientist
Viviana Márquez: data scientists in the cybersecurity field, whatever you need to say. So you have it in there.
Viviana Márquez: And you can separate it by this vertical bars. So data scientist.
Viviana Márquez: Phd, in statistics, whatever you think is relevant to your profile. But don't disregard this area of your profile, because that's what recruiters see? So that's that's important.
Viviana Márquez: What else? Another tip is that if you're looking for a job, let's say you're going to move to San Francisco, and you're not in San Francisco. You're in New York, but you're moving to San Francisco, and you want to get a job in San Francisco. Here's a little bit of a hack.
Viviana Márquez: Change your location to San Francisco, because then the recruiters that are looking to fill positions in San Francisco will see your profile. I did this when I was moving to New York. I lived in New York for a while, so before I moved to New York I put here New York, and then when I talked to recruiters. I was always clear to them. I was like, Hey, I live in Florida. I'm moving to New York, no matter what. So that's why I put New York there so I could get a job in New York.
Viviana Márquez: so I never lied about it. But just changing here to the city, being New York
Viviana Márquez: helped a lot. It it showed it showed my profile to the New York recruiter. So that's that's another hack.
Viviana Márquez: Then you have the about me, I would just put your elevator pitch in there. Something that is important is this featured. So in this featured section, you can put your capstone project, your website, your Github, whatever it is that can give a good image about you. So, for example, here my colleague
Viviana Márquez: has. Let's see what my colleague has. I can show you.
Viviana Márquez: So my colleague and featured. Oh, he! He used to have his projects now he has recommendations. But let's see, maybe this other colleague would have cool stuff. Let's see
Viviana Márquez: featured
Viviana Márquez: featured. Yeah. So website, resume Google scholar, if you have publications, Github, etc. So so things that are
Viviana Márquez: good the skills. There's a skills section here down here. Add as many skills as you want as as you want, and as you can, because when recruiters are searching for someone
Viviana Márquez: that satisfy certain things they're going to match to the skills. So, for example, they're looking for someone that knows python that knows machine learning that knows pytorch, and you don't know what they're going to type, especially if they're recruiters. They're probably just like getting some random list of requirements. So just you can put 50 skills. You should have the 50 skills there.
Viviana Márquez: And like Seaborn pytorch deep learning, probabilistic methods, whatever you can think of, just fill it there with skills. Nobody is going to really look into it but people. You will match recruiters that are searching for those kind of skills
Viviana Márquez: and then, for your work experience, I pretty much have the same thing I had in my resume.
Viviana Márquez: just like the whatever I did. Usually I have here, like the longer version. And I do this for my own record keeping, because if the resume, I'm trying to keep my resume one page long, sometimes I just sacrifice one of the bullet points like the one that is least relevant. But so I don't forget with the years, because, like what did I? What did I do at whatever company, 5 years ago I might not remember. I just have it here for my record, keeping everything I did at those companies.
Viviana Márquez: So some Linkedin examples I have here. I show you already these 2, this one I hadn't shown you. Let's see this one.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. So another nice profile picture. This person wrote a book. So they're selling their book in here. It makes sense.
Viviana Márquez: But yeah, they have also like the featured page. So, for example, if you gave a talk, you can put that in there just slides in there, or if if you made some type of post that was important.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. And then this person
Viviana Márquez: is not a data scientist, but they have
Viviana Márquez: like it's a Linkedin expert. So I always look at his profile to see what what he's doing, because he's a Linkedin expert. So whatever he's doing, I try to copy it on my profile.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah. So let me share this link things
Viviana Márquez: in the chat. So you have them for your reference.
Viviana Márquez: Okay, cool. So another one is Github, another big one.
Viviana Márquez: As a data scientist, they're going to ask for a github when you apply for a job. So that's why in this program we make you create projects on Github. So you have a github, and if you already had a github at least now you have some stuff to put on your github.
Viviana Márquez: Don't stress too much, and this is like the opposite advice I got from my professors. My professors would be like, Make sure you're not posting bad code in Github, which is good advice, like you don't want to post
Viviana Márquez: really, really bad code. That would turn off someone. But I feel like some
Viviana Márquez: people take it too much to the other extreme, where, if the code is not absolutely perfect, they don't publish it. Don't do that like nobody's going to go through each one of your repos and click and see if everything is perfectly coded and perfectly aligned. No, as long as it's a project that is reasonable. Just put it out there. Don't don't stress too much about the the that it has to be perfect
Viviana Márquez: because the recruiter is not going to go through line per line of code. They just want to see that you have a profile, and I would use the same picture that I have on Linkedin here some professional picture. I would link my Linkedin. There's this. Read me that you can create. So when you create a repo.
Viviana Márquez: let's see, where is it?
Viviana Márquez: you can create a a repo. That is the same name as your username. So this is my username, which is just my name. And I create a repo.
Viviana Márquez: And that repo. I added stuff to that. Read me. And that shows automatically here. So you can use this to even further work on your professional branding. So I have here like programming languages. I know the frameworks, I know, etc.
Viviana Márquez: And then here I'm active on Github, just because what I work in I have to use Github, and it looks very active, but it doesn't have to look super active. It just has to look like someone used that github. So let me show you another github
Viviana Márquez: I think. Is this one? Let me see, I probably have it here.
Viviana Márquez: this one. So this this person is not super active on their github. My guess is that in their company they have, like a personal like a company git. So they're not super active on Github, but it still looks like a legit github like you. Go on, Repos. There's few projects there, and that's pretty much what like a recruiter is looking for whenever they ask for a github unless you're going to a company that is like
Viviana Márquez: pushing a lot of features into production, and they're very code oriented. Maybe they would look closer. But for other companies they might just want just the generic Github that you know how to work on, Github. That's what they want to see.
Viviana Márquez: So that's related to Github.
Viviana Márquez: And as I was saying, you should have a website, too. The website is an opportunity to have a hybrid between Linkedin and Github, where you showcase your work. And you can be as creative as you want. So to create a website, you can actually do it for free using Github pages, because your personal website is probably going to be static. You're not going to have like
Viviana Márquez: customers coming in and making orders for that. You would have a proper hosting service. But your website is probably going to be a static website. It's not going to change that much. So you can do for that for free on Github with pages, Github. So I'm not going to show you how to do it, because we don't have the time for that. But I can share all these links on how to do it yourself, and you can figure it out yourself.
Viviana Márquez: And here are some templates.
Viviana Márquez: But basically let me show you how a website using Github looks like.
Viviana Márquez: So typically, it will be your username that github that I/O that. And then, whatever it is, resume in this case.
Viviana Márquez: So for example, here
Viviana Márquez: they created this. And this website is being hosted completely for free on Github. So you don't have to pay or do something too crazy. And once you go on their profile you would see.
Viviana Márquez: Let's see, MBM.
Viviana Márquez: That
Viviana Márquez: Github, one of these repos, is their website Repo. Let's see. Oh, yeah, this one that is called Resume is, you can actually see the code that they used for their website.
Viviana Márquez: So it's not too hard. You just have to spend like one weekend on it, and you'll be able to figure it out. Let me show you this other website. This other website was also created with Github is being hosted on Github.
Viviana Márquez: And like, you wouldn't be able to tell that this website is being hosted for free because it looks very professional. The only thing is that this person purchased a domain name so the right to, instead of saying, like whatever that Githubio, it says this custom domain, that's only like $10 per year. But the hosting is for free with Github. And then I really like how this person is showing
Viviana Márquez: their projects. So whatever projects they worked on, you could do something similar like this with your your capstone project, etc. So here there's a description of the project, and you click on it, and it brings you to your to their github profile like folder repo for that project.
Viviana Márquez: so yeah, I am living here a bunch of templates that you can use for your website. And that's like a wonderful tool to use to create a nice portfolio website for free. You can also pay for some templates. But hosting. If you have a hosting that you have access to, you can also use that. But if you don't want to pay for that. You can use the github one for free.
Viviana Márquez: Last note about professional branding.
Viviana Márquez: Some employers scan your social media, so make sure that if you have, maybe a little bit of a raunchy account online, make sure that you make it private, and you share your memes and funny things with your friends and family. The world doesn't need to see that if you want to have a public facing account, maybe you can have 2 accounts. One is the professional, the other one is the personal.
Viviana Márquez: If it's the same account, just make sure you're not posting anything that could potentially lead you to be fired or get you in trouble.
Viviana Márquez: Do a quick Google of yourself. Make sure everything looks how it should look like.
Viviana Márquez: And then some people have success not working through other social media. So, for example, back in the day I used to use Twitter to connect with other professionals quite a lot. I haven't used it anymore. That much, because I don't know. Not not not enough time, I guess. But yeah, you can connect with other professionals read what people are doing in in
Viviana Márquez: in the industry. Sometimes what will happen to me is that I would interact with people in the industry, and then I would meet them at a conference, and they would be like, Oh, yeah, I recognize you from Twitter, and then that connection would be easier than if we had been just like a connection from scratch.
Viviana Márquez: So use social media. It could be Twitter. It could be even Facebook. It could be. You never know where you can make that connection, so don't be afraid to make connections outside of Linkedin. If you have another platform that you use
Viviana Márquez: cool. So I ran out of time. Feel free to drop if you need to. I wanted to quickly go over the places where you can network this is being recorded is going to get posted on canvas. Same with the slides. And then I'll open it up for questions. So
Viviana Márquez: where to network, you can network online
Viviana Márquez: local meetups, conferences, summer schools, and maybe more. These are the ones that I can think of.
Viviana Márquez: So online, you can follow. You should be following people in the field, so you can know what is being published, what models are coming out. So you stay up to date. This is a career that you always have to be studying to not fall behind. So online on Linkedin, you can just follow people follow companies.
Viviana Márquez: you can connect with alumni. You can connect with people that have done this program as well, etc. So here I'm leaving a few templates if you want to connect with people on Linkedin. So, for example, if you want to connect with someone that you kind of know that you're kind of close with, you can say, Hey, I'm doing this program. I noticed that you're connected on Linkedin with this other person, and I'm hoping to get a job at that company. Would you be comfortable doing an introduction between the 2 of us and stuff like that. So I left
Viviana Márquez: those templates in there
Viviana Márquez: also with people that maybe you don't know very well, but you have them in your network. So maybe someone that did this program. But it was not in your cohort you could be like, hey, it was great connecting with you. I hope you're doing well. I'd love to know more about your path, whatever it is. So I left another template.
Viviana Márquez: and from people you don't know but that you found on Linkedin, and that maybe you're interested. So people at companies that you would potentially like to work. So you can just send that cold the message a lot of times. You're not going to hear back, because people don't have time to reply to people that they don't know. Don't take it personally. That's just
Viviana Márquez: how it is. So so don't feel this encouraged if you don't have a reply, but just try it out and like, Hey, thank you for accepting my connection. I'm doing this program. Your profile caught my attention. I'd like to learn more about your role and your company culture. Would you be down to meet with me for 10 min for 15 min?
Viviana Márquez: And so here I left another template that you can use?
Viviana Márquez: Don't ask. Can you get me a job that's such a turn off when someone reaches out to you? And they're like, Can you get me a job at your company they're like, I can't really. I don't have that power, because just put yourself in the shoes of that person. If someone comes to you and like, hey! Get me a job at your company. You're like I don't have the power to do that like I don't manage the budget of the company. I don't do this, but I could tell you more about the company culture. I could do this. So
Viviana Márquez: the goal is to create a lasting mutual professional relationship. So. Yes, in the back of your head. Maybe you're like, I hope this person maybe connects me with someone that would be able to get me a job. But more than getting that job is creating that mutual professional relationship that you can
Viviana Márquez: later use for learn more about the industry, learn more about a company, maybe creating a deal, whatever it is. You never know what it's down the road, but you want to create that
Viviana Márquez: professional relationship rather than just being desperate and being like, Get me a job.
Viviana Márquez: If you do end up meeting someone and you get on a call with someone, make sure that you end the call with an action. So, for example, hey, I'll reach out to you again. Let's check in again in 2 months, or Hey, could you? Don't forget to send me those links that you told me to send that you told me that you were. Gonna send to me whatever it is like end with that action to call.
Viviana Márquez: Send the thank you. Note after the fact a small message like, Hey, thanks for meeting with me. I really appreciate that and follow up on those calls to action if you had any
Viviana Márquez: and share any professional updates. So for example, if there's someone that could potentially, you see as a potential mentor, or you see, as someone that could potentially hire you in the future, you can always be like, Hey, I just completed this program. I just completed the Uc. Berkeley professional machine learning, professional certificate. And you can share those updates with them.
Viviana Márquez: Also reach out. As I was saying earlier today reach out to them if you see their company in the news
Viviana Márquez: like comment on their Linkedin activity. So you're a familiar face, etc. So that's that's on networking online.
Viviana Márquez: not working in person. This app is everything. So you can just download it and see what meetups are happening near you.
Viviana Márquez: Of course, I'm here to tell you about programming by like search for coding. Related meetups, search for data. Science related meetups.
Viviana Márquez: AI related meetups, but you could also meet any kind of meetups like, I don't know language exchange meetups or trading club meetups. There's everything in this app. So so I recommend this app also quick Google search like AI meetups in my city. That also helps
Viviana Márquez: conferences. I would highly recommend going to conferences because it's a great way to get a pulse on, how things are going in the industry. What are the things that people are looking for in the industry? What are the new methods, the the new things that are happening in the industry.
Viviana Márquez: So some well-known conferences in the in our industry is neurips as a conference on neural information processing systems. Icml International Conference on machine learning.
Viviana Márquez: But you could also just Google conferences on machine learning or conferences on AI near me and see what's happening. So these are the biggest 2, but there's many of them.
Viviana Márquez: and the other one. This is something I try to do at least one summer school per year, just to keep up to date with everything. So here's a link.
Viviana Márquez: Let me share this link in the chat.
Viviana Márquez: And here they post summer schools related to machine learning.
Viviana Márquez: and I've attended to a few of these throughout the years.
Viviana Márquez: and they have been super useful. So, for example, when I finished my master's degree, deep learning wasn't really a thing back then. It was at the time it was Nlp. Everything was nlp. Nlp, this Nlp, that and deep learning was like. Only if you had an interest into it right now nowadays everyone has to know deep learning to be a data scientist.
Viviana Márquez: and through a summer school is how I learned deep learning, and of course I did my own studying self studying. I got a book, etc, but the summer school helped me quite a lot. So I was like, you know what I feel like. I'm lacking in deep learning. I'm going to go to a summer school, and it was fantastic. I learned about deep learning. So here you can see different summer schools with different things. Sometimes they have something like this, like AI and Games summer school. So, for example, if you're interested in the gaming industry, you can go in here
Viviana Márquez: one time. I went to a random one just because it was in Canada, and I wanted to go to Canada for some reason, but it was super cool because it was AI in the medical field, and they were talking about, how do they use AI, especially computer vision in the medical field?
Viviana Márquez: And even though I'm not in the medical field, I learned a bunch of cool, advanced and new techniques about convolutional neural networks to apply to images the examples they were using were medical images, but it could be applied to anything. So summer schools are really good.
Viviana Márquez: I usually try to do one per year. I would recommend doing one at least every other year. So you keep up to date, because this is a field where every single year there's new models coming out. So you got to keep up to date and learning. And this is a way to also do not working because you're going to meet other people doing the same stuff
Viviana Márquez: alright cool. So that was all. For today. I know that was a lot of information. I wanted to stop for a second and see if there's any questions, any comments.
shashi: Hi, Vivian Fashik here the last the links. What you shared is very good. I was planning to ask on those topics itself. Some of the
shashi: meet up places, and what is happening in and around the bay area.
shashi: That's a good tip. And the last one awesome. Mlss. Looks very interesting.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah, I would definitely recommend this a lot. I could tell you guys exactly the schools that I did. Let's see if they're doing them again this year.
Viviana Márquez: I didn't see it but one. The medical school one was machine.
Viviana Márquez: Let's see if I can find it. Medical imaging it was in Canada. That's what I remember.
Viviana Márquez: Summer school.
Viviana Márquez: Yeah, it was this one. I think
Viviana Márquez: it was this one i i did it in. I think it was in 2021. I did it a while ago.
Viviana Márquez: Summer school on deep learning and medical imaging. That's what it was. Summer school and medical imaging. Canada, let's see.
Viviana Márquez: and let's see if they have it for 2025.
Viviana Márquez: They probably haven't announced it.
Viviana Márquez: But yeah, I would keep an eye on that one and the other one was the
Viviana Márquez: M. 2 L. Summer school.
Viviana Márquez: which was Mediterranean machine learning summer school. So this one was also pretty good. So those are the 2 that I've done
Viviana Márquez: specifically. So yeah, wanted to share that out there.
Viviana Márquez: Alright. Awesome. So
Viviana Márquez: thank you. Thank you. Everyone for being here. As as always. If you have any questions, you can go on canvas
Viviana Márquez: and on canvas here on support.
Viviana Márquez: you can reach out to us, so just support, submit a request.
Viviana Márquez: and it can be about content. It can be about networking as well. It can be about technical issues. If you're having any technical issues hopefully, none with the platforms. But yeah, it was. It was great having you all in this networking session, and I love the beginning as well getting to know all of you a little bit better. So happy. Thursday. Everyone.
Frank Lu: Thank you.
Namrata Baid: Have a nice weekend.
Viviana Márquez: Thank you. Bye, bye.
shashi: Everybody.